1. if secret exists and there is a modify event -> hw to handle this.. do we delete existing secret and recreate it |or| update the exiting secret once u have new cert

2. if one flow is going on .. and someone changes the custom resource for same object.. what happens? will there be a clash.. any locks to be used??

3) check entire kuberntees rbac again..

4) pycert call unmanaged apis where there are no files created and only string returned.. use the crt in these strings to generate secret 

5) should the operator be created first or custom resource first.. how does it work in both scenarios..
Does "ADDED" event work if
    a) operator initially exists and you create the custom resource later 
    b) operator does not exist while creating Custom Resource.

6) custom operator basically watches for any changes in custom resource (CRD) and runs a python script inside the operator. Now my problem is : If i scale the operator to say 2 replicas, and if there are any changes in custom resource, the same code gets called twice separately by both the operators . Is there a way to run it just once -> 

(UPDATE) 
you're not using the leader code correctly.  the operator-sdk scaffolds out leader code which ensures that if a there already exists a leader any other operator that comes up just waits for it to die and then someone else becomes leader.
example from the code it generated for me
ctx := context.TODO()
// Become the leader before proceeding
err = leader.Become(ctx, "gesher-lock")
if err != nil {
   log.Error(err, "")
   os.Exit(1)
}


7) Need to convert the use of public ips to either private ones or make the calls using python kubenetes client lib

8) Making use of resouceVersion while using the watch api, so that same event does not get triggered multiple times 

9) If you are running a enroll and it dies while collecting.. the other leader should automatically collect.. may be by referring to the configmap/secret and checking if sslid is stored.. also store key and csr in secret 
where to store sslid?secret of configmap? 

10) logs? mount host volume to container? common location for multiple containers.. 

how to use the apis .. 